Did you know that buying goods in
the stores you constantly overpay in
2 and 3 times more
for the real value of the goods
taxes are added
rent wages to employees
the store
and most importantly the margin that could Seller
depend only on his greed
shop and suck your money right off
you from under the nose what to do
purchases in foreign online stores
It is convenient safe and profitable many
people have long been saving buying in
online overseas brand clothes
cosmetics phones and other equipment
stories on this topic constantly go on
the country's central TV channels do not believe
see yourself clothes on the shelves are not found
cheap trousers and skirts and jackets branded
clothes cost several times more than
in usa and europe
jeans that can afford
wealthy russian in europe wear
poor students
this is a shop of famous brands
lives calvin klein new york and for sure
the same shops in Moscow
let's look closely at the price tag
calvin klein famous panties themselves are white
and gum black Moscow beauties
so they are sticking out of jeans
these pants on the shelf of the Moscow store
the price is 1250 rubles, but exactly the same
in new york one dollar 99 cents in
transfer to our money only 60 rubles
20 times cheaper
jeans levis in our country sign
wealth because the simplest
classic model in Moscow is worth 4
thousand 400 rubles in america lewis can
afford any student
there these jeans are sold for 24 dollars
99 cents that is, for 750 rubles nearly
6 times cheaper
English price 40 pounds well 3950 a
Russian price
save it to your beloved
shopping at the same time and they never nothing
I did not buy because I do not know how to buy something
the same thing is two times cheaper
here ilya as much as clothes
records its size and then buys
This model in the English store
the internet
exactly the same jacket even in size
we estimate two times higher
In general, the essence was that
you can select America, and if it
Fit to fit and order
Now I recall these here
everything is flooded with me they i bought them for
1250 rubles and here they cost two
half exactly 2 times the store
that is, we take everything there and furniture and
clothes and
computer and telephone thanks to the internet
Gone are the days when the main
there was a seller of you a lot i'm looking
everything is exposed now in the era
digitized reality every
a bit savvy buyer
actually has access to a single
world counter and can out of this
extract
very significant benefits to make
purchases in foreign online stores
easy